1. A graph‑based CNN‑LSTM stock price prediction algorithm with leading indicators 
Jimmy Ming‑Tai Wu1 · Zhongcui Li1 · Norbert Herencsar2 · Bay Vo3 · Jerry Chun‑Wei Lin4

In today’s society, investment wealth management has become a mainstream of the contemporary era. Investment wealth
management refers to the use of funds by investors to arrange funds reasonably, for example, savings, bank financial products,
bonds, stocks, commodity spots, real estate, gold, art, and many others. Wealth management tools manage and assign
families, individuals, enterprises, and institutions to achieve the purpose of increasing and maintaining value to accelerate
asset growth. Among them, in investment and financial management, people’s favorite product of investment often stocks,
because the stock market has great advantages and charm, especially compared with other investment methods. More and
more scholars have developed methods of prediction from multiple angles for the stock market. According to the feature
of financial time series and the task of price prediction, this article proposes a new framework structure to achieve a more
accurate prediction of the stock price, which combines Convolution Neural Network (CNN) and Long–Short-Term Memory
Neural Network (LSTM). This new method is aptly named stock sequence array convolutional LSTM (SACLSTM). It constructs
a sequence array of historical data and its leading indicators (options and futures), and uses the array as the input
image of the CNN framework, and extracts certain feature vectors through the convolutional layer and the layer of pooling,
and as the input vector of LSTM, and takes ten stocks in U.S.A and Taiwan as the experimental data. Compared with previous
methods, the prediction performance of the proposed algorithm in this article leads to better results when compared directly.

2. Dynamic linkagesamongoilprice, goldprice, exchange rate, and stock market in India
Anshul Jain n, P.C.Biswal

Governmentsimposetaxesandleviestomanagetheeffectofgoldandcrudeoilimportsontheexchange
rate.Theseinreturnhaverelationswiththeeconomyofthecountry,bestreflected inthestockmarket
index.Thisstudyaimstoexploretherelationbetweenglobalpricesofgold,crudeoil,theUSD–INR
exchangerate,andthestockmarketinIndia.Thedynamiccontemporaneouslinkageshavebeenana-
lyzed usingDCC-GARCH(standard,exponentialandthreshold)modelsandtheleadlaglinkageshave
been examinedusingsymmetricandasymmetricNonLinearCausalitytests.Empiricalanalysesindicate
fall ingoldpricesandcrudeoilpricescausefallinthevalueoftheIndianRupeeandthebenchmarkstock
indexi.e.Sensex.The findings ofthisstudyalsosupporttheemergenceofgoldasaninvestmentasset
class amongtheinvestors.Moreimportantly,thisstudyhighlightstheneedfordynamicpolicymakingin
India tocontainexchangerate fluctuations andstockmarketvolatilityusinggoldpriceandoilpriceas
instruments.

3. On the links between stock and commodity markets’ volatility
Anna Creti,MarcJoëts,ValérieMignon

This paperinvestigatesthelinksbetweenpricereturnsfor25commoditiesandstocks
overtheperiodfromJanuary2001toNovember2011,bypayingaparticularattention
to energyrawmaterials.Relyingonthedynamicconditionalcorrelation(DCC)GARCH
methodology,weshowthatthecorrelationsbetweencommodityandstockmarketsevolve
through timeandarehighlyvolatile,particularlysincethe2007-2008financialcrisis.The
latterhasplayedakeyrole,emphasizingthelinksbetweencommodityandstockmarkets,
and underliningthefinancializationofcommoditymarkets.Attheidiosyncraticlevel,a
speculationphenomenonishighlightedforoil,coffeeandcocoa,whilethesafe-havenrole
of goldisevidenced.